How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

        By using the - for the deleted line and + for the added line in the second file it made it easy to recognize where the typo was.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
        In the process of changing a file some changes might introduce  unexpected results, and Git allows you to check what you did in 
        older versions and compare between them to find out why you got the unexpected results which will save you alot of time, confusion 
        and effort also it will make you confident to make any change.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	Pros:
        Manually choosing when to create a commit often make the commit reasonable and logical.
        Manually choosing when to create will help you remember what you did in you're commits.
        Cons:
        You might forget to commit when using you manually choose when to commit.
	You need to be able to decide when to make the commit which mighr be challenging sometimes.
   

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

        Because git deals with code which may have multiple related files and google docs deal with one file only.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log shows recently made commits old to new from bottum to top and git diff shows what added and deleted in the second
    or newer commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because i can always check the previuos commits and compare them to see the differences.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try it on my android projects.