1-When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  If i want to share it with other people, or when i want to keep it on the website in case i lost my local work.

2-Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
  Because maybe the changes made is not ready yet, or someone i don't trust made those changes.

3-Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
  Forks clone a repository from one GitHub account to another, clones copy a repository from GitHub to local pc , branches create a new
  branch for commits and it is completly local.
  I would use forks if i want to copy a repository to my GitHub account because it is faster.// Fork:a copy of someone else is repository.
  I would use clones if i want to copy a repository to my pc to use, modify, or add to it.// Cloning:copy a repo from GitHub to local.
  I would use branches to a new branch for a new feature and keep develping my main branch.//Branch:Another path from a commit. 

4-What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
  1-You will know the diffrence between the local version of you're repository and the remote one. 
  2-You can use get fetch to compare the commits before merging and you can work on it offline.
  3-You can work on conflicts with another collaborator.

5-How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
  By manually checking the file and then if i have a suggested change i would contact with my collaborator through the email.
  The manual way would be harder and using Git or GitHub would be alot easier.

6-When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
  I would use a seperate beanch when i want to add a new feature or modify something on our files when i work with a group
  because it is not acceptable to change master directly without pull requests.
  The benefit of using branches is you wont break master or you wont slow down the progress on master.
  The benefit of working directly is it's quicker and easier.


 




